DAN: After learning that Marucho's phantom data was
identical to his...
GAUNTLET: Ready, Jetkor.
DAN: ...Keith convinced us to try Battle Gear.
DAN: We hadn't had a chance to fully analyze
Drago's DNA so we used a hybrid version of Helios's Gear.
Since it wasn't an exact match for Drago, it caused
some problems.
DRAGO: [pain]
DAN: Hold on Drago! Win thiiiiiiiissss!
DRAGO: That's what I plan to do...Haaaaaah!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
[\u266a]
MYLENE: Check it out guys.
It looks like King Zenoheld is planning a new mission.
SHADOW PROVE: Well that's perfect timing.
Things were just starting to get boring round here.
Yeeeeeaaaaaah!
VOLT: [sigh]
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: Volt's Revolt.
ZENOHELD: Time to make those involved with the
destruction of the BT System pay for their crimes...
ZENOHELD: ...with the lethal powers of Professor
Clay's Alternative Weapons System.
MYLENE: Alternative?
ZENOHELD: When it's completed we will harness
enough power to destroy Vestal and Earth.
ZENOHELD: We'll be able to annihilate every living
thing that dares to oppose us.
We will be unstoppable!
SHADOW PROVE: Cuckoo... Cuckoo...
MYLENE: Quiet! He'll hear you.
ZENOHELD: They will all weep such bitter tears
once they feel the full force of my mighty wrath!
VOLT: Excuse me, sire.
ZENOHELD: Hmmmm?
VOLT: The original plan was to get revenge against
the Brawlers who got us kicked out of Vestal.
But this new mission of yours is wrong...
it involves the destruction of innocents.
It's not cool to punish people who did nothing to harm us.
I won't do it.
MYLENE: Just stop it.
ZENOHELD: How dare you question me.
PRINCE HYDRON: Disloyal scuuuuuuuum!
VOLT: [grunt, pain]
PRINCE HYDRON: You're a soldier, Volt.
Not a policy maker.
All you need to do is be quiet and take
orders...like a good little doggie.
VOLT: [angry growl]
[\u266a]
DRAGO: You need to relax, Dan.
DAN: Huh?
DRAGO: Marucho's an expert with these things.
Just let him do his work.
DAN: I wasn't really thinking about that.
BARON: Huh?
DAN: I was thinking that when the Battle Gear is
done, we're gonna be even badder than we are now!
Imagine that! Aren't you stoked, buddy?
DRAGO: Yes, I've been thinking the same thing.
MARUCHO: Okay, I'm going to start uploading the
data from Drago's last Brawl against you.
KEITH: Fingers crossed that this is gonna work.
MARUCHO: It'll work, trust me...Mira, what's the
transfer rate cycling at?
KEITH: Is it stable? Huh?
KEITH: Mira?
MIRA: [gasp] Uh-oh. Zoned out, there.
MIRA: Sorry, guys. Transfer cycling rate
is steady and solid.
MIRA: [sigh]
KEITH: What's going on with you?
MIRA: [gasp]
MIRA: Keith, you startled me.
KEITH: You seem distracted.
MIRA: [gasp]
I guess I've been thinking a lot about Father.
KEITH: As long as he remains loyal to Zenoheld
he is our enemy, Mira.
MIRA: I guess, but I can't help thinking that...
MIRA: ...well that I can convince Father to come
around just like you did.
That way we could all be together as a family
again...Is that really such a crazy thing
to hope for, Keith?
KEITH: I know of a way you can contact him.
MIRA: [gasp]
Is that...?
KEITH: I seriously doubt that
you'll persuade him to change sides...but if it'll
make you feel better...you should at least try.
MIRA: Mmmm-hmmm.
MIRA: Father.
PROFESSOR CLAY: Mira?
PROFESSOR CLAY: How did you...Oh, I see.
PROFESSOR CLAY: You're a hologram.
PROFESSOR CLAY: How did you get your hands on the bee?
MIRA: I borrowed it from Keith.
I really wanted to see you and he said it would help.
PROFESSOR CLAY: Spectra? You mean the two of you are...?
MIRA: Keith has changed, Father.
He's a member of the Brawlers now.
PROFESSOR CLAY: What?
MIRA: Please, father. I don't want to fight you anymore...
I came here to ask if you would join us too.
PROFESSOR CLAY: You won't have to fight me...
provided that you stay out of my way, little girl.
MIRA: But please...you don't need to do this.
We've unlocked Drago's DNA in order to build his
Battle Gear.
PROFESSOR CLAY: You did what?
MIRA: We can use that technology to defeat
Zenoheld once and for all.
Do the right thing, Father.
PROFESSOR CLAY: The right thing. Don't make me laugh.
MIRA: Father, please!
PROFESSOR CLAY: There's nothing further to discuss.
We've chosen our separate paths, Mira...And now I
think it's time we part ways.
MIRA: Come join me, please!
PROFESSOR CLAY: Farewell, daughter.
[\u266a]
PROFESSOR CLAY: So Spectra and the Brawlers have
joined forces, huh?
MIRA: Father...
MYLENE: Do not be foolish, Volt.
MYLENE: You and I both know that he cannot be
stopped when he gets like this.
VOLT: And you're okay to just sit by and let it happen?
MYLENE: I'm not saying I agree with him.
I'm just saying that it's pointless to try and stop him.
He's too powerful. Too crazy.
VOLT: Maybe so, but still I can't be a part of this.
MYLENE: You know what will happen if you leave.
VOLT: Hmmph.
MYLENE: Take care of yourself, Volt.
Every move you make from now on, you'll have to be
looking over your shoulder.
VOLT: Yeah. I know.
[\u266a]
MYLENE: Good luck, friend.
ZENOHELD: I just can't believe that insubordinate fool...
Hydron!
PRINCE HYDRON: Sire!
ZENOHELD: One of your dogs has broken free of his leash.
Take care of it...immediately.
PRINCE HYDRON: Of course, sir.
[\u266a]
BOYS: [laughter]
BOY A: Whoa, Volt! Welcome back!
BOY B: Hey guys! Volt's back!
GIRL A: You're just in time to eat.
BOY C: Awesome, let's throw him a party tonight!
BOYS: [laughter]
VOLT: This place used to be home...but now...it's
just full of ghosts.
GAUNTLET: Ready, Jetkor.
DAN: Battle Gear, Boost!
[\u266a]
MARUCHO: So how does that one feel, Drago?
DRAGO: Much better. I barely feel it.
KEITH/SPECTRA: Okay then, everyone, let us begin the
final test.
DRAGO: Ready when you are.
DAN: Atta boy, pal.
MARUCHO: System analysis activate for final test of
Battle Gear Drago.
VOLT: This place seems so different.
VOLT: Then again, maybe it's me that's changed.
VOLT: Every thing I've achieved...Everything I've
become...it's such a long way from where I started here.
VOLT: My success is undeniable but still...
VOLT: It seems I may have actually lost...the most
valuable thing of all.
VOLT: Huh?
VOLT: Is this yours?
GIRL D: Yes sir.
GIRL D: Hey, are you that guy from the Vexos?
Volt right?
VOLT: You recognize me?
GIRL D: Of course!
It's not often that someone from around here
makes it as big as you.
You're the man!
VOLT: But do you have any idea what we did?
GIRL D: Oh, who cares, dude.
You're still our number one hero!
VOLT: [gasp]
GIRL D: So are you back here to stay, Volt?
VOLT: Um...You bet!
GIRL D: Awesome! Can you teach me to Brawl like you?
VOLT: You mean with Bakugan?
GIRL D: Mmmm-hmmm.When I grow up, I wanna be a
wicked Battle Brawler just like you.
VOLT: Sure, okay.
GIRL D: Really? Promise?
VOLT: Yeah, I promise.
GIRL D: You're the best, Volt!
VOLT: Hah! Thanks kid.
VOLT: You'd better run along now.
VOLT: I bet your mom is...probably wondering...
where you are.
GIRL D: Hmhmm!
GIRL D: Hey Guys!
Volt said he was going to train me to Brawl!
VOLT: You can come out from your hiding spot now.
PRINCE HYDRON: That was inspiring...
that speech you gave that kid.
You're such a role model.
VOLT: What do you want? Tell me!
PRINCE HYDRON: [chuckle]
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: It's show time, traitor! Bakugan Brawl!
VOLT: I'm ready when you are, Hydron! Let's go!
PRINCE HYDRON: So was it a bittersweet homecoming for
you, Volt?
PRINCE HYDRON: This place is even worse than when
you left it.
VOLT: Still...many people call it home.
VOLT: Good people, who I can't stand by and watch
you destroy...this ends here, Hydron.
PRINCE HYDRON: Does this mean that you're leaving the Vexos?
PRINCE HYDRON: I'm the one who pulled you out of this
stink hole.
And this is how you repay me?
You've got a funny way of showing loyalty, Volt.
VOLT: I'm grateful for all you've done for me.
VOLT: But I just...can't follow you
blindly...without question anymore.
PRINCE HYDRON: You know, I've always hated that
self righteous attitude of yours.
VOLT: Okay...Hydron... So you wanna battle me then?
That's fine!
[angry growl]
PRINCE HYDRON/VOLT: Gauntlet Power Strike!
PRINCE HYDRON: Gate Card, set!
PRINCE HYDRON: Go! Subterra Dryoid!
Bakugan Brawl.
PRINCE HYDRON: Bakugan Stand!
[\u266a]
VOLT: Bakugan Brawl!
VOLT: Bakugan Stand!
VOLT: Rise Haos Boriates!
GAUNTLET: Ability Card, set.
VOLT: Ability activate!
VOLT: Prometheus Cannon!
PRINCE HYDRON: You may look big and tough but so what!
Ability Activate!
PRINCE HYDRON: Murasame Blade!
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: Fusion Ability, activate!
PRINCE HYDRON: Sho, Dragon Fly!
VOLT: Smash him, Boriates!
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: Nice try, Volt!
PRINCE HYDRON: Fusion Ability, activate!
Geki, Dust Barrier!
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: That's the way, Dryoid!
VOLT: Ability activate!
VOLT: Gun Durance!
[explosion sound]
[\u266a]
VOLT: So, do you like that, Hydron?
PRINCE HYDRON: Blast!
VOLT: I think you've forgotten I'm not that same
young kid you dragged out of here all those years ago.
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: Now I'm annoyed...Gate Card, open!
PRINCE HYDRON: Element Merge!
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: Fusion Ability, activate!
PRINCE HYDRON: This'll be over in a flash!
PRINCE HYDRON: Restu Lightning!
PRINCE HYDRON: [laughter] Too sweet!
VOLT: Ability Activate!
VOLT: Odin Shield!
PRINCE HYDRON: I don't understand!
Why isn't the Murasame Blade working?
VOLT: The Odin Shield nullifies all abilities
that have been activated and it stops any other
abilities from getting played.
This is it!
PRINCE HYDRON: [angry growl]
VOLT: Ability activate!
VOLT: Tempest Arrow!
[\u266a]
GAUNTLET: Hydron Life force 60%.
VOLT: Hmmph.
PRINCE HYDRON: [sigh] Not bad, Volt.
But trust me, you won't be so lucky next time around.
I can promise you that much.
VOLT: Let's not do this...We can both walk
away right now with our honor intact...and never
see each other.
PRINCE HYDRON: Unfortunately for
you...it's not that easy, Volt.
PRINCE HYDRON: You see, I have this overwhelming
need to crush anyone who opposes me.
VOLT: You spoiled brat.
PRINCE HYDRON: What did you just say to me?
Who do you think you are?
VOLT: You're at a disadvantage because your
privileged upbringing means that battle has
always been a game.
Where I come from it was a means of survival.
VOLT: Gate Card, set!
VOLT: Bakugan Brawl!
VOLT: Bakugan Stand!
PRINCE HYDRON: Bakugan Brawl!
[\u266a]
GAUNTLET: Custom Battle Ability...
GAUNTLET: ...has performed a program update.
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: What the...?!
VOLT: Go Boriates!
PRINCE HYDRON: Ability activate!
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: Murasame Blade!
VOLT: You might as well be attacking Boriates with a
toothpick!
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: He countered without using an ability!
PRINCE HYDRON: Ability activate!
PRINCE HYDRON: Ray Blade!
VOLT: That won't help you either!
[\u266a]
VOLT: Stay down and walk away.
Otherwise this ends in tears for you...You just
can't win this thing.
PRINCE HYDRON: Silence, you! Dryoid, get up!
VOLT: Okay then.
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: You're going down this time!
Ability activate!
PRINCE HYDRON: Trance Sword!
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: Ability activate!
PRINCE HYDRON: Knuckle Vulcan!
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: Dryoid! Get up right now!
VOLT: Your boy is nearly down for the count
Hydron...Ability activate!
VOLT: Prometheus Cannon!
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: Defend yourself with Mars Shield!
[explosion sound]
VOLT: Hmmmph.
PRINCE HYDRON: [chuckle]
[\u266a]
VOLT: Defensive moves won't save you...Ability activate!
VOLT: Olympus Cannon!
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: A power level of 2000!
How can that be?
[\u266a]
VOLT: Finish him.
PRINCE HYDRON: Dryoid no!
GAUNTLET: Hydron Life force, zero.
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: Wh, why don't you go...
PRINCE HYDRON: ... back to... [gasp]
...ball form...?
VOLT: It's the Custom battle
ability...I switched the mode settings during the brawl.
PRINCE HYDRON: [angry grunt] I thought something
seemed strange!
VOLT: When this program is activated, the opponent's
battle energy is nullified.
And even after the battle is finished my Bakugan
doesn't go back to ball form.
PRINCE HYDRON: But that's not fair!
VOLT: I told you before Hydron.
Battling to me...is about survival.
PRINCE HYDRON: [gasps]
PRINCE HYDRON: [whimpering]
VOLT: You're finished, Hydron!
PRINCE HYDRON: Aaaaahhhhhhh!
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: [gasping, whimpering]
VOLT: Hmmmph!
VOLT: Leave now...I never want to see your face again.
PRINCE HYDRON: [gasping, panting] I...can't believe...
PRINCE HYDRON: ...that I lost...to that guy...
PRINCE HYDRON: ...that I lost to a mere underling!
A servant!
PRINCE HYDRON: He's gonna pay!
VOLT: Whoa!
VOLT: What the...?!
VOLT: What's this? What's happening?
PRINCE HYDRON: I sentence you to eternity Volt, in
the far reaches of the dimension.
VOLT: Worthless scum!
PRINCE HYDRON: Ahhhhhh!
VOLT: Let's take this trip together.
What do you say, Hydron?
PRINCE HYDRON: Let go of me now!
VOLT: If I go, then you go!
PRINCE HYDRON: I mean it! Right now! Let go! Let go!
VOLT: Ahhhh!
PRINCE HYDRON: I said...Let gooooooooo!
PRINCE HYDRON: Haaaaaaaahhhh! [gasping, panting]
VOLT: [grunt, pain]
VOLT: This isn't over, Hydron...I promise you,
one day you will pay for all of the pain and misery
that you brought upon...the innocents of the world.
PRINCE HYDRON: Silence!
PRINCE HYDRON: Enjoy your suffering!
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: [mad giggling]
PRINCE HYDRON: I did it...I won. I beat him.
[mad cackling]
DAN: Battle Gear, Ability activate!
DAN: Jetkor!
DRAGO: [rising roar]
DAN: Kick iiiiiiiiiiit!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
[\u266a]
KEITH/SPECTRA: Hmmmph. Success!
MARUCHO: So it looks like Drago's Battle Gear will
be...the Jetkor!
[\u266a]
ZENOHELD: So you took care of the traitor for me...
Good work.
PRINCE HYDRON: He put up a bit of a fight, but it was
no big deal father.
ZENOHELD: This is a lesson to you all...Cross me and
you will pay dearly.
ZENOHELD: No matter who you are.
Friend, enemy or otherwise!
ZENOHELD: I will show no mercy and your suffering
shall be legendary...throughout all
the dimensions!
LYNC: When King Zenoheld gave the order for Earth
to be destroyed, I was totally down with the program.
But then I remembered about that really nice
girl that I met named Alice.
It would be kind of a drag if she were one of the
casualties, so I thought I'd warn her.
But then Hydron showed up and started sticking his
big nose in everything.
LYNC: He thinks he's a lot tougher than he is, but he
doesn't scare me.
I'll throw down with him any day, especially if it means
rescuing a nice girl like Alice from the Alternative.
LYNC: Can you believe it? Me sticking up for an Earthling.
Too much! You should tune in to check it out.
LYNC: Bakugan Brawl!
LYNC: Hey Alice!
[\u266a]